Rename "p-label" to "p-status-label" (#4400)
canonical-web-and-design/vanilla-framework: templates/docs/patterns/status-labels.md

---
wrapper_template: '_layouts/docs.html'
context:
  title: Status labels | Components
---

# Status labels

<hr>

Status labels are static elements which you can apply to signify status, tags or any other information you find useful.

<div class="embedded-example"><a href="/docs/examples/patterns/status-labels/" class="js-example">
View example of the status label pattern
</a></div>

<div class="p-notification--caution">
  <p class="p-notification__content">
    <span class="p-notification__title">Deprecation warning:</span>

>     <span class="p-notification__message"><code>p-label</code> and its variants will be deprecated. Use <code>p-status-label</code> instead.</span>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    <span class="p-notification__message"><code>p-label</code> and its variants are deprecated and may be removed in future version of Vanilla. Use <code>p-status-label</code> instead.</span>
```

  </p>
</div>

## Accessibility

### How it works

Status labels are used to signify status, tags or any other information. The colours have semantic meaning, reflected by the name given in the code example.

> Semantic colour can help users recognise and recall meaning more quickly, especially when scanning a view, for example. It’s important that labels still convey the same meaning without colour information.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Semantic colour can help users recognise and recall meaning more quickly, especially when scanning a view, for example. It’s important that status labels still convey the same meaning without colour information.
```
